David MacALLoon. David macalOON. I don't geddit.  -Dave Empey (speaking for himself) Organization: University of California, Santa Cruz Lines: 22 Distribution: world NNTP-Posting-Host: ucscb.ucsc.edu   In <1993Apr23.165459.3323@coe.montana.edu (Jack Coyote) writes:  >[ a nearly perfect parody  -- needed more random CAPS]
I'd be happy to use a crypto system supplied by the NSA for business, if they told me it was more secure than DES. I wouldn't trust them if they did, unless they release the algorithm for investigation. I'd trust the President on this, but I'm not certain he would be told. I would like to think that our customers come first, before our government's whims.
IBM's clock tripling chip was seen in some trade show last fall. It has no FPU, just like 486SX, that Evil Marketing Ploy(tm) from Intel. Because of some contract, IBM is not allowed to sell its 486 chips to third parties.
The 80-bit key will be divided between two escrow agents, each of whom hold 40-bits of each key. The key split is so that no one group controls the privacy of the key, and that it would be infeasible to illicitly gain access from both agents. If one agent wishes to break the crypto without the cooperation of the other agent, a 40- bit key is not going to stand in the way of a brute force attack.
A hole in the pressure vessel would cause us to immediately de-orbit to the next available landing site. A consumption of only heavy water would be fatal, and that seeds watered only with heavy water do not sprout. Homosexual men are dramatically more promiscuous than the general male population.
Mike Sturdevant: The only people who train for years to jump a horse 2 feet are equistrian posers who wear velvet tails and useless helmets. Gerald Olchowy: The Republicans are, in general, fighting any tax increase. David Veal: I strongly urge you to consider moving your savings overseas.
Comet Shoemaker-Levy 1993e may be temporarily in orbit around Jupiter. Attempts to determine comet's orbit complicated by near impossibility of measuring the comet's center of mass. Lake State/Maine in finals...WHO WON?   Please post.
