Second Amendment refers to the right of the people to organize a militia, not for individuals to carry handguns, grenades, and assault rifles. First clause is not a condition, it is a reason for explicitly supporting the right WHICH EXISTS, MILITIA OR NOT, that the people have a right to keep and bear arms.
Roy Copperud is a retired professor journalism at the University of Southern California. He's on the usage panel of the American Heritage Dictionary. Merriam Webster's Usage Dictionary frequently cites him as an expert. Copperud's fifth book on usage, "American Usage and Style: The Consensus," is in continuous print.
Schulman: "I ask that your analysis not be affected by the political importance of its results" Professor Copperud: "The words 'A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state' constitutes a present participle, rather than a clause"
Schulman: "Which of the following does the phrase 'well-regulated militia' mean?" Copperud: "To the best of my knowledge, there has been no change in the meaning of words or in usage that would affect the Meaning of the amendment" Copperud had only one additional comment, which he placed in his cover letter: "With well-known human curiosity"
J. Neil Schulman: It's up to those who believe in the right to keep and bear arms to preserve that right. He asks: Will we beg our elected representatives not to take away our rights, and continue regarding them as representing us if they do? Will we continue obeying judges who decide that the Second Amendment doesn't mean what it says it means?
"American Horror File" is a compilation of cases where the U.S. government has run roughshod over the rights of its citizens. The end result will probably be a book in electronic form detailing the government's crimes of recent years. The book will be distributed at cost, and I will encourage people to post copies to BBS's, send copies to friends, and print out copies and give them to neighbors.
Mort Sahl: "The main difference between Adolf Hitler and Rush Limbaugh is that Hitler was original and showed initiative" Daevid Bornhuetter-Machen: "Both are noted for their galvanizing oratorical skills, which they both used with passion to generate a political cult of massive numerical proportions"
David Frum: Limbaugh's radio show is the American Mein Kampf. He says it's a translation of the same fascist message into a different medium. Frum says Limbaugh earns his money just as honestly as Al Capone did. On questions of social issues, there is an overabundance of material, he says.
Hitler: "He who dares to lay hand upon the highest image of the Lord sins against the benevolent Creator of this miracle" Limbaugh: "America was founded as a Judeo-Christian country ... But our intellectual and political elites are often either hostile or ambivalent toward religion" Hitler: "The fight against the poisoning of the soul has to set in"
The Madison Edge can be reached at PO Box 845, Madison, WI 53701- 0845; (608) 255-4460. If Limbaugh is not as repellant a Hitler, it is only because the radical right utilizes Limbaugh as its own gateway opiate. One can only wonder what the ultimate drug is they plan to hook America on.
Public isn't that concerned about it now, after all. They freely do calls that anybody with an old TV can listen to today! They won't pay big extra bucks for proprietary phones that secure them only from the police. Some people will buy these phones, but they will only work with other proprietary phones, so the market will be small and the phones expensive. Only the Mob will buy them.
Brett: Judge's posts on bit.listserv.politics indicate he has been hostile toward GM's hiring policies and to the Moseley verdict. Daniel Reitman: Uniform Commercial Code protects the innocent purchaser, but it is not a shield for the sly conniver, the blindly naive, or the hopelessly gullible.
Norman R. Paterson writes: I don't think you're right about Germany. My daughter was born there and doesn't think she has any German rights eg to vote or live there (beyond the rights of all EC citizens). She is a British citizen by virtue of her parentage, but that's not "full" citizenship. I am fairly sure that she could obtain citizenship by making an application for it, but it might require immigration to Germany.
The vote to create the proposed group, Sci.life-extension, was affirmative. What follows is a list of the people who voted, by vote ("no" or "yes"). Here are the peoplewho voted NO:  bailey@utpapa.ph.edu (Ed Bailey) barkdoll@lepomis.psych.upenn.edu  (Edwin Barkdoll) msb@sq.com  (Stu Labovitz) lau@ai.sri.com (Rich Kulawiec) stu@valinor.mythical.com
Curtis M. Compton: bobc@master.cna.tek.com (Bruce Davis) demonn@emunix.emich.edu (Kenneth Jubal DeMonn) desilets@sjate.slb.com  (Mark Desilets) markd@sco.measurex.com@juno.me measurex. com (TERRY EGAN) eder@hsvaic.boeing.com!hwdub@uunet.UU (Dub Dublin) willdye@helios.unl.edu  (Will Dye) 155yegan%jove.dnet
Kathi Kramer@bridge.com. (P. Hindman) fishe@casbah.acns.nwu.edu (Carwil James) janzen@mprgate.mpr.ca (Martin Janzen) karp@skcla.monsanto.com (Jeffery M Karp) rk2@elsegundoca.ncr.uk (Mr R A Khwaja) koski@sunset.cs.utah.edu  (Keith Koski) farif@eskimo.com  (Ben Krug) edsr!edsdrd!sel@uunet.UU.NET (Steve
Mitchell Porter@lambada.oit.unc.edu (Mitchell. Porter) Craig Presson@jido.b30.ingr.com (Craig Presson) price@price.demon.co.uk (Michael Clive Price) U39554@UICVM.COM (Edward S. Proctor) ksackett@cs.uah.edu  (Barry H. Rodin) zero@netcom.us (D Anton Sherwood) (Rob Shvern) wesiegel@cie-2.uoregon.edu) (William ggygg@mixcommix.com)
Elisha Wiesel-elisha@CS.YALE.EDU       (ElishA Wiesel) WILLINGP@gar.union.edu  (Stephen Wright 66667) liquidx@c Nexus.com (Stephen. Wright) ebusew@anah.ericsson.com  (Leonard N. Zubkoff) 62RSE@npd1.ufpe.br adwyer@mason1.gmu.edu ART@EMBL-Hamburg.DE atfurman@cup.portal.com billw@attmail.att.com hhuang@Athena.
There is *no* danger of damaging logic boards by plugging and unplugging ADB devices with the power on. SCSI, yes, ADB, no... Lawrence D'Oliveiro: "I have heard of no such warnings from anybody at Apple" --B. Franklin.
"My heart "bleeds" for no one. You are the "bleeding heart" "I see the BATF is going to be investigated by the Justice Dept. and likely by Arlen Spectre and congress" "If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed in my country, I never would lay down my arms"
As usual there seems to be almost as many Islamic viewpoints as there >are Muslims. There is widespread agreement about matters of Islam. There certainly are many viewpoints on issues which are not particularly Islamic in and of themselves. It all comes back to the Koran being so imprecise in its wording.
I'm POSITIVE that the "sealed warrant" is not for child abuse. What was it for? Peobably weapons violations. Janet Reno didn't say WORD ONE about weapons violations last night. Why?  Because she knows that such a case is no longer believable?
