In article <1993Apr15.142322.1318@atlastele.com), Brian Sheets asks how U.S.C. 922 can be enforced on an individual. "No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law, and no courts are bound to enforce it" "An unconstitutional act is not law; it confers no rights; it imposes no duties"
Richard Cower: I believe this raid was ill planned because they only had 2 days to plan it, and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part in the much larger political agenda of President Clinton. I suspect Clinton gave the order to get someone or : some: group with assualt weapons and have the press present to record the event.
There is no way evolution can be described or explained in terms other than teleological, that is my whole point. Even those who have reason to believe they understand evolution tend to personify nature and I can't help but wonder if it's because of the limits of the language or the nature of nature.
A.J. Teel: "It's bad enough you post this bs, it's even worse that you don't even try to defend it when it gets torn to pieces" Ted Frank: "Have the nay-sayers given up as defeated? Sure would like to hear there reasons for disbelief at this point"
Just passing a law does not make it LAW. Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told by the Supreme Court that they didn't have that right? A brilliant algorithm is correct, up to a sign change. The flaw is obvious, and will therefore not be shown.
You asked for an apology.  I'm not going to apologize for pointing out your straw-man argument. Nor for calling your red herrings and smoke screens what they are. How about the following inaccurate, unsubstantiated accusations: In 8257@blue.cis.pitt.edu >Jim has been threatening - but no "threat" produced, nor forecast ever happening (precognition?)
RSA expressed puzzlement that nobody has asked for permission to use RIPEM to write a PGP-compatible program. I personally cannot see how one could put a backdoor in a long-precision modular arithmetic library that comes in source, but, of course, the fact that -I- cannot see it means nothing... Regards, Vesselin -- Vesselin Vladimirov Bontchev Virus Test Center, University of Hamburg.
In-Reply-To: strnlght@netcom.com (David Sternlight) writes:  There has been extensive discussion in the eff forum, for example, about inadmissible taps being used to develop information. "Key Escrow" is likely going to prove to be a joke, writes Perry Metzger.
In Article 164905 in talk.politics.misc,decay@cbnewsj.att.com (dean.kaflowitz) writes: "Is an unborn child a human being at ANY POINT during pregnency?" Matt Freivald: "You'll have to define what you mean by `human being'"
Freivald: "You're not going to convince a logical person of the rightness of your position unless you apply some logic and show some meaning to your words" "If you really wanted a discussion of substance, why then do you disregard logic and substance in order to toss silly accussations, e.g. "It really doesn't matter to you...""
"It is not murder for one Siamese twin to kill the other in the womb" "Your analogy is not accurate and your assertions are unsupported" "You simply assert things without any support" "The comparison is a total failure, as I have demonstrated already, and has no basis in reality, neither legally nor medically"
You ignore the significant difference between a fetus and a born child, he writes. "Dependence can be transferred, and it is not as slow as you seem to think," he says. "I would hate to be in the position of the mother in NYC who has to tell her daughter that she lost her arm in a botched > abortion attempt," he adds.
Dean Kaflowitz: Why does this parent now have an indisputable right to his or her kidney when previously the parent did not, by your standards? Dean: I see I have to spell this out for you since the meaning was too subtle for you. Action and inaction are irrelevant to the principle, but you are wrong about the inaction anyway.
