In article, Avi Cohen Stuart asks: Does Judaism permit freedom of religion for non-Jews recognized in Judaism? In Islam, there is no compulsion, just a tax on dhimini. "If we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure wouldn't waste them on members of Congress..."
Nabil Gangi: Jewish tribes are not as susceptible to the fratricidal murdering that is still so so common among Arabs in the Middle East. Jake Livni: If we are guilty of something, so is |> everyone else. Nabil: Ten years from now, George Bush will be the standard of a failed President.
Jonas Flygare writes: "The whole israeli presence in the occupied territories is ILLEGITIMATE, and hence ALL their actions, their courts, their laws are illegitimate on the ground of occupied territories" "I'm sorry, but the above sentence does not make sense. Please rephrase it. Israelis are being killed because Israel is occupying," he writes. "It isNOT the palestineans who undermined the right of life of israelis, but it is israel which occupied and exposed the life of its citizens to the unconcluded war of 1967!"
The question is NOT which system would solve the ME problem. The only solution is a Palestine, at least Western Palestine. No human can allow himself to see such attrocities than to participate in them. The laws of minister Sharon says kick Palestineans out of here (all palestine)
"There is no other way than to transfer the Arabs from here to the neighbouring countries" "I will NOT suggest the imperialist israeli system for solving the ME problem" "An unjust solution would be a non-solution, per definition, no?  My definition is the same as yours, but one has to look into the world politics"
Rabbi Shoham: "The greatest problem of Zionism is Arab children" Jonas Flygare: "If you use the same methods that you credit 'Zionists' with, then where does that place you?" "I will and am condemning acts I find vile and inhuman, but I'll try as long as I can not to assume those acts are by a whole people"
 137 countries in favour of U.N. ssistance to the Palestinian people. Calls for immediate lifting of Israeli restrictions and obstacles hindering the implementation of assistance projects. Also calls for the granting of trade concessions and concrete preferential measures for Palestinian exports on the basis of Palestinian certificates of origin. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its 47th session.
The State of Israel has never officially admitted that for many years there have been in its prisons Israeli citizens who were sentenced to long prison terms. A court ordered publication ban was placed on the fact of their arrest, and later on their imprisonment. In Israel of 1993, citizens are imprisoned without us, the citizens of this country, knowing anything about it.
Civil Rights Union says it knows of cases where notification of a suspect's arrest is withheld. Attorney Yossi Arnon: "Definitely not. We live in a democratic country, and such a state of affairs is impermissible" "The State of Israel is strong enough to withstand the cost incurred by abiding by the principle of public punishment"
Attorney Shiffman believes that state security can be a legitimate reason for prohibiting publication of a suspect's arrest or of a convicted criminal's imprisonment. Shtendal agrees: "As a rule, clearly such a phenomenon is undesirable. Such an extreme step must be taken only in the most extreme circumstances"
Some of the villages, and yours might well be among them, are as you describe. Some young men, usually aged between 17 to 30 years are members of the Lebanese resistance. There are a large number of groups in the area, backed by various organizations, with a wide range of purposes.
Omar Daoud Jaber was held for 38 days in Tulkarm prison. Jaber heard his interrogator, a Shabak agent 'Captain Louis', chatting on the phone with his wife. "I felt that he was like a humanbeing, but right after he finished talking, he would be beat," Jaber said.
Human rights group B'Tselem visited Tulkarm prison in March. They were denied access to the interrogation wing. "There is an ethical problem here," said the commander of the prison system. The interrogation wing is Shabak property, and all interrogations are performed by it, according to an internal report.
Noam Shaig: Israeli ID cards do not identify people as Israelies. Is it true that Israeli stocks nuclear weapons ? If so, > could you provide any evidence ?  Yes. There's one warhead in my parent's backyard in Beer Sheva (that's only some 20 miles from Dimona)
Israel often claims it right of existence on the fact that Jews lived there 2000 years ago or that God promised the land to them. According to biblical sources, the area God promised would extend all the way to Iraq. If Israel wants peace, why can't it declare what it considers its legitimate and secure borders, which might be a base for negotiations?
Brad Hernlem: With every Israeli son that you place in the grave you are underlining the moral bankruptcy of Israel's occupation. Hizbullah were encouraged by Brad's cheers (good job, Brad). Someone forgot to tell them, though, that Brad asks them to place only Israeli _sons_ in the Grave, not daughters.
Is it less appropriate if information implied in Mr. Davidsson's questions is highly misleading?  Adam  Adam Shostack, Ph.D./Graduate student UCI, writes: I have read that there will be some concrete proposals concerning creation of a "palestinian police force" during the talk's next stage. Does anyone knows of the details of this idea?
Anas Omran has claimed that, "the Israelis used to arrest, and sometime to kill some of these neutral reporters." Harry Mamaysky writes: "I am sick and tired of this 'DRIVING THE JEWS INTO THE SEA' sentance attributed to Islamic movements and the PLO"
The PLO does not recognize Israel's right to exist. The PLO covenant calls for the destruction of the "Zionist entity" The Islamic movements are using the same weapon the Jews used to establish their state : Religion. Whoever committed crimes against humanity (torture, blowing up their homes, murders,...) must be treated as a war criminal.
Several villages were shelled. How could the IDF possibly have known that there were guerrillas in each of the targetted villages? You see, it was an arbitrary act of "retaliation" The least it shows is a reckless disregard by the Israeli government for the lives of civilians.
Timothy Stanley: Palestinians are demanding conditions that essentially define "autonomy" Stanley: No country has the right to abuse one's human rights. Deciding whether there will be one or two states in Palestine is a legitimate question. Israel must treat all within its domain equitably, he says.
