Javier Lopez is a better catcher than greg olson. Sandy Alomar, 24 year old rookie: 132 games, .290/.326/.418. Benito Santiago, 22-year-old rookie: 146 games,. .300/.324/.467. Ivan Rodriguez, *20* year old rookies: 88 games,. .264/.276/.354.
A truly great GM would have been able to make the moves to push the team to the upper echelon of the NHL and maybe win the Stanley Cup. A good GM (like Murray) can maintain the team's success but can't push them to the next level. In the history of hockey there have been several better GM's than Murray- way too many to name.
I wonder how many series/games are televised nationally or even locally in the US and how much precedence they take over, say, local news if the games go into double-OT. Email me so as not to waste bandwidth, please. We (in Canada) are basically swamped with coverage.
Murray has made some decent trades...no doubt...but these are more due to the stupidity or cheapness of other teams than brilliance on his part. If Detroit still fails this year because he was one defenseman short... then he will have wasted an opportunity because Manson was available, and he was unable to pull the trigger. Yzerman doesn't have that many more years in his prime.
Kovalev is too talented a player to play for Roger Nielson. Dudley and Nielson are the only two coaches bad enough in the league to take talents like Mogilny and Kovalev and not know how to turn them into Bure and Selanne. Zubov wasn't expected to make it out of the minors this season.
Reds fan on the verge of a nervous breakdown: "Why is it that the prognosis on Kevin Mitchell is 'Out 2-3 days' no matter what day you read it???" "I'd take a whole team of Chelioses if I could. (That way, when one got a penalty the others could kill it!) "
Gerry Cheevers, Manon Rheaume, Ron Hextall, Don Beaupre, Mike Keenan, Ray LeBlanc, Artus Irbe, Tim Cheveldae, Clint Malarchuck, Grant Fuhr, Rick Wamsley, Jon Casey, John Vanbiesbrouck, Ken Dryden, Bob Essensa, Mike Vernon.
Peter Ahola was acquired probably because the Penguins figured that they would lose him in the expansion draft. Doug Wilson's legs, knees, et al., are giving out. At age 25, Dean Kolstad is quickly running out of time if he wants to make it to the NHL.
Claudio Scremin played all of ~5 games in the league this year. He demonstrated very good offensive skills, scoring 20 points in 43 games. However, his size (5' 9", 165 lbs.) is of concern. He was not a contributor on either offense or defense in the games he played with the Sharks.
Winning close is the wrong way to win. Not every great teamhas even *good* pitching. The Big Red Machine of the 70's was league-average in pitching. You email (preferably) or post your predictions, AND the number of games you think each series will go.
Keith Keller: "When I want your opinion, I'll give it to you" Mike Godfrey: "I'd pick Burns, but I'm mildly biased" David Kehrer: "Not too many folks thought the Isles would be in the playoffs, let alone contend for 3rd"
Javy Lopez has proven, over 1400+ AB in the minor leagues, that he is ready to play in the majors. Players who are clearly too good for AA and play behind stiffs at the major league level are wasting their time. Most players benefit, rather than being stagnant or hurt, by playing at AAA.
Baseball management is possible the most short-sighted collection of people in the nation. The Braves' platoon is OK, but neither player has *any* value outside of the platoon. Bream vs. LH and Hunter vs. RH are awful. Pendleton has wasted too much bandwidth already.
