In most languages, the Feast of the Resurrection of Our Lord is known as the PASCH, or PASQUE, or some variation thereof. In English, German, and a few related languages, however, it's known as EASTER. Questions have been asked about the origin of this term. One explanation is that Bede derives the word from the name of an Anglo-Saxon goddess of Spring.
 Anglo-Saxons, upon becoming Christians, began to celebrate the Resurrection by a festival every spring. The week beginning with the Feast of the Resurrection was known as "hebdomada alba" (white week) Translaters rendering this into German mistook it for the plural of "alba," meaning "dawn" They accordingly rendered it as EOSTARUM, which is Old High German for 'dawn'
Some new age teachings incorrectly assume Jesus Christ to have been the reincarnation of a master. Their teaching of reincarnation and karma also has no concept the continuing individuality from one life to the next (e.g. Buddhism). More important, they have no concept of the resurrection of the body, the ultimate continuity of the whole human being to ultimate resurrection and judgement on the Last Day.
Questions have been asked about the origin of this term. One explanation is that given by the Venerable Bede in his DE RATIONE TEMPORUM 1:5. Bede is a great scholar, and it is natural to take his word for it. But he lived 673-735, and Augustine began preaching in Kent in 597.
I don't believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel" that some people posit. If Luke and Mark learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really cannot believe in it. I'm not really impressed with the "theology" argument, but I'm really pointing this out as an "if"
Mormons would rather keep silent than have a cherished practice maligned. While there is a profound reverence for the temple endowment, there is no injunction against discussing the ceremony itself in public. Neither New Testament Christianity nor Biblical Judaism made a secret of their practices. If Judaism and Christianity had such ceremonies, would you expect to read about them in public documents?
Mormon scholar Dr. Hugh Nibley offers us a list of scriptures from which I have taken a few. "I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now" "The time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father"
Consider the Bible a court recording. Over the period of thousands of years, various people come up and testify of their experience with the living God. What Daniel did not know about God, the 3rd Highest Official of Babylon, God revealed to John 600 years later. Do you actually think you know better than King Solomon, King David, or even Abraham Lincolnr?
John Emery writes: Did Jesus Christ really rise from the dead? Jon Livesey writes: Why do I read in the papers that the Qumram texts had "different >versions" of some OT texts? John Emery: Reading newspapers to learn about this kind of stuff is not the best idea in the world.
There is this big expectation that there are great theological surprises lurking in the material, but so far this hasn't happened. The DSS are important because there is almost no textual tradition in the OT, unlike for the NT. Most of the key issues in the 284 line post to which I am following up are dealt with in the following post I made on talkabortion yesterday.
Dean Obeidallah: "Can you show me anything that would lead you to think >> otherwise?" He says he acknowledged the Great Commission and entreaty to spread the word. "You're just so stupid, pretentious, dull, and generally unworthy of the value you place on yourself that the sport is all there is"
Dean Obeidallah. ges up a falsified account of events that transpired earlier on another thread. Dean made it seem like ANY Jew who gave alms or did other acts of charity in public was a hypocrite according to Jewish customs. In doing so, he was caricaturing Jewish customs as being almost impossibly demanding.
Earlier manuscripts of John have been discovered, says Benedikt Orga. He says they shed doubt on the order on putting John after the rest of the three. Orga: If Luke and Mark learned their stories directly from diciples, then I really cannot believe in the sort of "big transformation from Jesus to gospel"
The ultimate test of canonicity is whether the words are inspired by the Spirit, i.e., God-breathed. The early church decided that the Apocrypha did not meet this test--even though some books such as The Wisdom of Ben Sirach have their uses.
Andrew McVeigh: The Bible does not have a message -- it has messages. Some of those are messages of repentance and giving, to turn the other cheek, and do unto the least of these. But some of the messages are the complete opposite. It is essential that christians grasp firmly the good the bible teaches. But we cannot ignore the other material in the bible which is not to our liking.
Randy Kaflowitz responds to Dean Obeidallah's post on talkabortion.com. Dean says Randy ignored certain statements that I specifically acknowledged. Randy: "Actually, this comment of your's is a perfect example of what an intellectually dishonest little sparrowfart you are"
Dean Obeidallah: "You're just so stupid, pretentious, dull, and generally unworthy of the value you place on yourself that the sport is all there is" "You show your intellectual dishonesty by repeatedly ignoring the simple argument being made, and then claiming I am ignoring the very argument I acknowledge," he writes. "You made an ass of yourself by saying that my statement of the tradition of tzedukkah was somehow an attempt to "paint Jews as plaster saints," he adds.
Dean Obeidallah: I went very easily on Dean for this, giving him the benefit of the doubt in a post following my initial crack about "plaster saints", suggesting that he had been merely careless in his wording. In an astonishing act of ingratitude, Dean now serves up an incredibly distorted picture of what took place between us, and using it as the basis of one insult after another.
Easter is specific to English. In many other languages, the word used is based on Passover or resurrection. Is it OK to celebrate it in countries using those languages, but not in those using English? --clh] Lines: 258  A listmember wrote, in response to the suggestion that genocide may sometimes be the will of God: Any God who works that way is indescribably evil.
David Frum: God's actions often seem to me very different from what I might expect of a God who loves us and desires what is best for us. He says if God understands the workings of the universe better than I do, it is to be expected that sometimes it will look to me as if He has made a mistake. Frum says he can see the end of the chess game.
Babylonian captivity put a stop to that. Never again did the Jews show any interest in polytheism or idolatry. Neither the worship of the Canaanites mor that of the Babylonians ever again had a foothold among them. Judaism had been in danger of becoming simply a system of sacrifices and Temple observances.
Rabbi: Without the Holocaust, there would have been no state of Israel. If Joseph's brothers had not sold him, God would still have brought about His purposes for the Jewish people, he says. Rabbi: In a similar spirit, we Jews might thank the men who in the providence of God have preserved Judaism.
James Kiefer: God did not need Judas' sin to redeem us. If Judas had done right, then God in Christ would still have reconciled the world to Himself, he says. He says God used the cowardice of Pilate to accomplish His purposes, and it was not God's doing.
Randy: The Bible does not have a message -- it has messages. And some of those are messages of repentance and giving, to turn the other cheek, and do unto the least of these. But some of the messages are the complete opposite. Randy: To be a Christian it to always have doubt, or not to have honesty.
