Microsoft Serial Mouse jumps around when you move the mouse. If your mouse is old, you may want to try replacing it for a newer one. Sometimes the rollers inside the mouse pick up a ball of lint or other debris. Open the bottom of the mouse, take out the ball and use some alcohol on a Q-tip to clean it.
My Datadesk Mac 101E keyboard has similar problems. I have found that holding down the RIGHT-HAND shift key at startup will work (disable extensions), but the left-hand shift key won't. My '92 Taurus GL with only 26k on the clock also has rotor warp.
Gads, I have heard so many horror stories with Taurus and Sable cars. Is Ford really no better than in the late '70s when it was turning out tin cans like the Granada and the Fairmount? Which would you get, a Taurus or a Camry or Accord?
I'm just guessing here, but I'd guess that X11R5 expects the CG3 to have 1152x900 resolution. The version of theCG3 in the SPARCclassic is 1024x768. If your mouse is old, you may want to try replacing it for a newer one. Another alternative is to clean the mouse you've got.
I was worried about someone stealing my oil once also. I finally decided to just have my drain plug welded shut. It works great ! I figure that when I add three or four quarts when the oil light comes on every month or so that it's just as good or better than the old wives tale of changing the oil AND filter every 3000 miles.
The event mask for main_win is: PPosition | PSize. The flags for detail_win.win are: PPposition, PSize, StructureNotifyMask, ExposureMask, KeyPressMask, EnterWindowMask, LeaveWindowMask. If anybody has any idea why the initial expose events of detail.win aren't received until main.win receives an event I'd love to hear from them. Has anyone had any problems with their Duo Dock not ejecting the Duo?
When running DOS 5.0 under Windows 3.0, I lose the ability to do a print-screen. I have no problem with this when I'm running DOS not under Windows. If it's relavant, I'm using 'Quarterdeck 6.0' expanded memory manager for my 386. I'm wondering if it is OK to set the monitor on top of the CPU.
The "more information" section of the manual suggested trying other avenues before calling Apple, but didn't mention the net. I had trouble with connecting my Mac Plus to an HP 95LX handheld. It turned out that the plus (by accident or by design flaw?) was putting a 4 volt bias on the serial port.
