I am using X11R5patch23 with the R5-SUNOS5 patch posted on export. libXmu compiles fine .. when I try to use it with clients (i.e. bmtoa and twm), I get errors ... I can not figure out what is wrong.
I'm trying to write some code that lets me draw lines and do rubber-banding boxes in Motif/X. Instead what happens is for the lines I draw to be the inverse of whatever I'm drawing over. I believe for this to work on a color display you must set the foreground of the GC to be (foreground^background)
Norton Desktop for Windows version 2.2 Norton Util's version 6 is needed. Will erase protect use the info from smartcan, and vice versa? I use both dos and windows, and I want to make sure that when I erase files in either environment, they are going to be protected.
Extreme cold is likely to affect the compliance (?terminology?) of the quartz, and hence its resonant frequency. I hooked up my ImageWriter I to my COM1 serial port and used the C-Itoh 8510 driver in Windows 3.1. The cable I am using is a straight-thru cable connected to a Null Modem Adapter I got at Radio Shack for $4.95.
When some types of client windows are displayed, parts of the windows are in the wrong color. If the window is moved slightly, forcing the server to repaint it, it is repainted in the correct colors. It doesn't happen for xterm windows, but has happened for graphic windows and some Motif clients.
I am using X11R5patch23 with the R5-SUNOS5 patch posted on export. libXmu compiles fine .. when I try to use it with clients (i.e. bmtoa and twm), I get errors ... I can not figure out what is wrong:  gcc -fpcc-struct-return -o twm gram.o lex.o deftwmrc.o add_window.o gc.o list.o twM.o parse.o events.o resize.o version.o iconmgr.o cursor.o -O2   -R/usr/wgep/X
Douglas L.Acker: I've got a VESA compatable Trident 8900C w/1meg and need to program in 1024*768 mode. Could someone take this code and help me write 2 new procedures to replace them so that it'll work in 768*768*16 or 1024* 768*256? That'd be GREAT! Thanks.
Call XMapWindow and then XFlush does not guarantee that the window is visible and managed by the window manager. Even if this did work, there isn't a reliable way to find out how much decoration the windowmanager placed around your window, so you don't know how far to move it. Use "twm" or "mwm" rather than "olwm"
 DOS stores files in three pieces: the directory entry, the FAT chain, and the data area. The data area is organized as clusters of a fixed size; storage is doled out in "chunks" of one cluster each. CHKDSK is the DOS utility that checks the sanity and coherence of the directories and the FAT.
Windows swapfile may have exceeded available disk space. "Missing pieces" are likely to be found in those "lost chains" at the top. There are utilities that can mirror your FAT and help repair damage. Vote straight ticket Procrastination party Dec. 3rd!
You'll probably want to delete any damaged executables and reload them fresh. Data files should be examined and repaired. Smartdrive caches things, and Windows also runs a swap file which may contain data also. All of these files have sizes (according to the FAT) which don't match the FAT.
 Disk space was found which is allocated in the FAT, but is not attached to any directory entry. CHKDSK /F gives you the option of converting these "lost chains" to files. There are utilities that can mirror your FAT and help repair damage. Vote straight ticket Procrastination party Dec. 3rd!
Latest build 59 drivers still do not work in many cases. Some modes may run only interlaced on certain monitors. This has nothing to do with 24 bits ... only with screen size. For 24 bit color and Windows you MUST have 2 megs, memory size calculations notwithstanding. This card is the fastest full colour card for the money.
The card has a lot of potential, but you have to be able to use it. I am having a big problem trying to build MIT X11R5 with xlc 1.2.1. The linker is not working properly with shared libraries. The build of libXmu DOES link in libXt so I am really perplexed.
Douglas L.Acker: Could not load library libXmu.a[shr.o] Error was: Exec format error. Jim Jagielski: "Hey! Lama! How about something, NASA/GSFC, Code 734.4? ... You know, for the effort!"
Executing this piece of code results in a BadMatch error. Anybody who knows why? If so, please drop me a line. n if I pass along a suitable colourmap, I still get a Badmatch when I create a window with a non-default visual. The code looks like this:
