I've always taken Murphy's Law to be an exhortation to prudence, and an observation about the behavior of complex systems. I have scorn for posters whose sole purpose appears to be to evangelize. I found his arguments similar to those of books like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" -- building conjectures on top of other conjecture.
Post is useless to anyone who doesn't believe that the bible is an unadulterated truth, and to everyone else, it is just a reaffirmation of a belief already held. As far as i know, there is no disagreement between christians over the resurrection of christ. What is the purpose of this post?
Michael L. Siemon: "God made a precious person and this person chose to do wrong" The root of this whole problem is selfishness, says Siemon. "My feelings and desires are supreme and your well being is not worth dung" "Let any one of us unrepentant into heaven, and we'll ruin it"
Eugene Bigelow: We don't see our responsibility because we kill it and get it out of sight. He says the only "responsibility" that sells in the marketplace is that which is just enough to make us "feel responsible" "We want to "feel" like good people, but we want nothing with *being* good people"
"Bible thumpers", "fundamentalists", and Southern Baptists *deserve* our hasty generalizations and prejudicial statements" "I'm a Protestant!  I'm an evangelical! I don't believe that my way is the only way!" "I don't think that homosexuals should be hung by their toenails!" "Don't pick on the Presbyterians and the Methodists!"
Anyone who calls themselves a "Muslim" and does not do or profess something in clear contradiction with the essential teachings of Islam is considered to be a Muslim. According to 'Zlumber, one is NOT a muslim when one is doing evil. "Satan and the Angels do not have freewill. They do what god tells them to do"
I eat lots of Chinese food - I LOVE Chinese food. If I get food at one of the restaurants that DOES NOT USE MSG or  IF I prepare the food myself without MSG, I do not get a reaction. If you're having trouble understand this, please tell me which of the words you do not understand and I'll look them up in the dictionary for you.
Jim Elliot: The most reliable yardstick for judging prophecies is, certainly, the Scriptures themselves. Elliot: If a person is making the claim, they are wrong. He says the Second Coming will not be an outward event. It is an inward event, Christ will come to live in our hearts, Elliot says.
There is no one Second Coming, there are a lot of little ones. Every time Christ comes into someones heart, Christ has come again. The challenge in my life is that I will die, and that I must give my life the meaning I wish it to have before that happens.
Even if your deity *does* exist, that doesn't automatically mean that I would worship it. I am content to live my own life, and fend for myself, so when I die, I can be proud of the fact that no matter where I end up, it will be because of *my* actions and choices. If your god decides to toss me into a flaming pit for this, then so be it.  I would much rather just cease to exist.
Christanity is a nice belief set around a very nice book. But if you want to make me believe that it has any bearing on the REAL WORLD, you've got some convincing to do. As long as you keep your beliefs to yourself, I'll keep my beliefs to myself -- but as soon as you start waving them around, expect me to toss in my opinions, too.
When asked to swear "So help you god" and you have to say it, ask which one; Jesus, Allah, Vishnu, Zues, Odin. Get them to be specific. Don't be obnoxious, just humbly ask, then quitely sit back and watch the fun. "Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, other people gargle"
