Do all macs that have built-in video have the ability to use VGA monitors? #2, If so/if not, which macs have this capability? #3, Can they drive SVGA as well? #4, how big of a vga monitor can they drive? #5, how can you tell if an unlabeled monitor is VGA? if so, what should it look like?
The Edmonton Oilers traded their captain, B.J. McDonald to the Vancouver Canucks. The next Edmonton captain was Lee Fogilin who was later traded to the Buffalo Sabres. After him was Wayne Gretzky who was traded to L A, then came Kevin Low. The present captain is Craig McTavish and we'll just have to wait and see.
How to violate your Quadra 700 warranty and install your own memory. Follow the usual anti-static precautions and of course make sure the machine is OFF when you do this. The six big slots are for VRAM. All SIMMS (RAM or VRAM) installed with their chips facing the front of the motherboard.
Guy Kuo: Drop the power supply straight down into place until it clicks in. ace the phillips head screw  13) Drop the hard drive activity light back into its clear plastic mount  Guy Kuo <guykuo@u.washington.edu>  Article-I.D.: penguin.1po5lqINN749 Distribution: usa Organization: The Ohio State University Dept. of Computer and Info. Science Lines: 46 NNTP-Posting-Host: penguIn.cis.ohio-state.edu.
What is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons? What is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being rich or famous or related to the mayor? Please send replies via E-Mail, as things seem to be piling up around t.p.g a little faster than I can handle.
This leads to the more general question: do yet other people than the US, Russia, and Japan do space surveillance, and if so, how and why? Allen Thomson: Do other people, other than the U.S., Russia and Japan, do space Surveillance?
A large clear air radar with the sensitivity of an incoherent scatter radar for observing the whole equatorial atmosphere up to 1000 km altitude is now being designed in Japan. The system is a 47-MHz monostatic Doppler radar with an active phased array configuration. The antenna beam can be switched within 10 microsec to any direction within the zenith angle of 30 deg.
Movie 93 in Riccione, Italy (an Italian Computer Graphics Contest). Many professionals using 3d Studio on PC, SoftImage for Silicon Graphics and Imagine on the Amiga were *VERY IMPRESSED* by the power of this programs. Smith Corona Typewriter for sale,  Model SCM 70 electric. Great for forms, envelopes, labels, small things that you just can't do with your microcomputer.
David Frum: There are strong hints in the proposal that the government is looking to restrict encryption on the National Recording Enrollment System. Frum says the government wants to use encryption to protect the privacy of Americans. He says the NSA is also looking to create a "data superhighway" for Cray users. Frump: Most of the Internet is commercial anyway, so who cares?
Tom Pickett: Do you, by any chance own an SHO or have access to one, such that you would have any idea what it is designed for or how it handles? Tom Pickett tpickett@auspex.com SHO  GOZE Keywords: Solar Sail Organization: Rutherford Appleton Lab, UK.
Sail could be used for a number of missions. Could be used to send images back to Earth. Could also be used as a re-entry parachute. Still for sale: Sega Genesis, barely used, in original box, with Sonics 1 and 2. $130 gets the whole bundle shipped to you.
1990 Pontiac Grand Prix SE White, White rims, Gray interior. 58K miles (mostly highway), 3.8 Litre V6 multi-port fuel-injected engine, 5 speed manual transmission. Options include: A/C, Rear defogger, Power steering, Power brakes, Power windows.
