Todamhyp@charles.unlv.edu (Brian M. Huey) writes: I am looking for any information/supplies that will allow do-it-yourselfers to take Krillean Pictures. "I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it." - Mae West. "Is this a good card...street price is about $170?" -- Stephen L Wyatt.
Don't expect Windows 4 and DOS 7 to be out soon. The Mac II is supposed to have a socket for the MC68851 PMMU chip. If you have any beefs about the current space shuttle program Re: propulsion, please send me your ideas. For an essay, I am writing about the space shuttle and a need for a better propulsion system.
The original Mac II had an Apple MMU chip installed which performs a subset of the 68851's functions. If you look underneath your front left floppy bay you will find three chips, all approximately the same size. The Apple chip is easy to spot because it has a 'hump' in the middle of it.
Sony D-22 portable Diskman forsale. Good condition, flawless. Costomer AC adapter : 6v DC power supply ( tested 9v DC) * The factory adapter was tested 12v DC (AC 110v input) at the time I bought it three years ago. When using it, a lot of heat was generated inside the CD machine.
I'm trying to install NCSA telnet on a couple (okay, a whole bunch) of machines. The docs for telnet say that it'll run over an AppleTalk driver, but I've had little success. If anyone has succesfully installed Telnet w/ AppleTalk, I'd like some help with the config file for Telnet... BTW, please reply via E-mail if possible...
Results of Mathematica test on various Macintosh machines as well as other personal computers and workstations. Results are posted below. Another thing is how fast the SGI did it. It seems that Mathematic a's speed is depend on a lot on a computer's RAM.
Some of the newer BMW's have electronic odometers making it even more tamperproof. On the cars mentioned - 3 series from the late 80's the "electronic" odometer is really a mechanical drum type odometer, that is driven by pulses from a speed sensor. A simple switch will do the job.
Retired Navy officer says the C-17 transport is a waste of money and time. Rides a great Dane on the back of a bike sounds a bit hairy to me. I've seen riders carting around a pet dog in a sidecar, but 65 lbs or squirming beast is a bit much for a backpack.
