Northeastern Law, Class of '93 Lines: 174 NNTP-Posting-Host: nw12-326-1.mit.edu In-reply-to: thf2@midway.uchicago.edu   [Procedural note: Ted directed followups to misc.legal only.  While I respect his right to do so, my own opinions are that (1) "Followup-To" fields are mere suggestions, not mandatory commands and (2) this issue is of sufficient (a) general political relevance and (b) civil liberties interest to warrant keeping it active in t.p.m and a.s.c-
Atlantic Cement Co., a private party, the power and authority to _take_ the plaintiffs rights to quiet enjoyment of their property by eminent domain. "Blackmail" one party's act of demanding the right to set its own sale price for a unique piece of property which it owns.
Law students should read the law and economics stuff first-hand instead of filtered through teachers who clearly don't like it, says Posner. "Boomer_" is not being taught as "infamous," at least not at my school," Posner says. "It is "completely sensible" only if you believe that the alleged right of the owners of Atlantic Cement to stay in business and avoid losing a lot of their own money," he says.
Law and economics is a field generally referred to as "law and economics" William December Starr: It is not fine when courts start viewing the economics of a case as being more important than the justice of the case. Kevin Geraghty: Guns-for-protection mindset ignores the systemic effects of cumulative individual actions.
Free the Barbers, Inc. n 1980. "All non-coersive functi are impossible in priciple,  or merely that it would be undesirable in fact" "I'm afraid that I've lost the thread here. I didn't suggest that all government regulations be subject to referenda"
 libertarians assume a limited government can be decreed, yet posit an entire government made up of people who carry guns. In article <1993Apr16.141409.25036@pmafire.inel.gov> Dale Cook writes: "I feel any third party added to a transaction is every bit as likely to be ignorant or corrupt as the buyer or seller" "I don't expect you to agree with me,  but you explain why you feel I'm wrong?" asks Steve Hendricks.
A friend of mine who smoke pot every day and last Tuesday took 5 hits of acid is still having trouble "aiming" for the bowl when he takes a dump. "The war on drugs has failed, but in my opinion, that doesn't mean we have to give up.  Only change the tactics," he says.
No one has shown that things were better before the motto, or that they'd likely be better after. I don't think the motto initiates any sort of harassment. Harassment will occur whether or not the motto is present. The more difficult an invasion is, the more likely the answer would be "no"
Northeastern Law, Class of '93 Lines: 174 NNTP-Posting-Host: nw12-326-1.mit.edu In-reply-to: thf2@midway.uchicago.edu   [Procedural note: Ted directed followups to misc.legal only. While I respect his right to do so, my own opinions are that (1) "Followup-To" fields are mere suggestions, not mandatory commands)
Boomer et al sued Atlantic Cement Co. over damage done to their property. The court ordered them to accept the damage, provided that Atlantic C cement paid them $185,000 in compensatory damages. In other words, the court granted Atlantic Cements Co., a private party, the power and authority to _take_ the plaintiffs rights by eminent domain.
Law student: "Boomer_ is not being taught as "infamous," at least not at my school" "Since when are the courts supposed to be in the business of ensuring that "unnecessary" settlement costs are avoided?" "You'd like Posner, Bill.  He's a libertarian.  Really?  I didn't know that... what, if anything, has he had to say about cases like _Boomers?"
President: "My understanding of the field generally referred to as "law and economics" is weak" President: "If bright law students "shiver" at what they don't understand, it's easy to imagine how the > press will play it up as baby-selling" Obama: "When Congress returns, I ask every senator from every state and from both parties"
I'm willing to compromise, so long as we keep the focus on jobs and growth. I will ask for an additional $200 million in federal funding to help local communities to rehire police officers. I have always supported community policing not only because it helps to prevent crime and to lower the crime rate.
President: "I can accept a reduced package if you will increase your commitment to safe streets" "I have done my part now to end the gridlock; I ask you to do yours" "The real issue is how quickly we can recycle the benefits of all the savings to cover the cost"
President says he wants summer jobs, highway program, police program. President says he still intends to aggressively push crime bill. President: I don't want to be any more specific than I have been already. Obama says he's prepared to reduce stimulus package to break gridlock.
Marc Mueller: "I think the situation is just a tad different here >than there" Jon Dunn: "If our government would pay attention to SERIOUS domestic issues (the ECONOMY) and choose to stay out of other people's wars (Iraq, Bosnia, Somalia) we would not be in this fix"
Brad Templeton: Why should we expect the cops to be honest? Steve Hendricks: There are entirely too many things going on today designed to preserve the government organism at the expense of individuals. Bill Campbell: Aren't there many parallels between the thought police (can you spell Waco Texas?), and Heinlein's "Crazy Years"
 libertarian agenda assumes that costs of regulation always outweigh benefits. Even as a libertarian, I have to admit government does do some things I like. Just as it is not desireable to decide rights of free speech on a case-by-case basis, we should not decide rights to free enterprise.
Mark Perry writes: I don't think it's so easy to tell the 850 from any other 7 or 9 series unless >you look real close. I really do think Volvo's are all dogs though beacuse they >are 1.Agricultural  while previous Volvos have been essentially very fast tractors. 2. Have godlier than thou advertising. 3.are part of Renault.
Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns. The dread "Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years while posting in the group, as an example. This is not a .signature. It's marly a computergenerated text to waste bandwith and to bring down the evil Internet.
A revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber. Good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit. A cop with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than equipped for anything short of a riot.
Some of the pro-gun posters in this group own no guns. The dread "Terminator", aka "The Rifleman", owned no firearms for several years while posting in the group. Get the OS/2 2.1 March Beta CD-ROM Caltech, Pasadena CA for $15 hacker@tumbler-ridge.caltech.edu.
