Michael A. Montgomery writes: "Which version of the Bible is the perfectly preserved one?" Daniel Cossack replies: "The Bible IS Truth; it does not just contain truth" "I use the Bible as a guide, a stepping stone, but in no way is it my final authority"
"I think Brian Kendig is really trying but he is too comfortable with his set of excuses" "I just want Brian K. to be honest with himself. If he really wants to know, he will ask questions and stop asserting irrelevant excuses which have nothing to do with my God" "My hope is that Brian will want to step out of the way"
Christianity gives people without hope or driven purpose in life a safety blanked to hide behind. Christianity provides great psychological shelter from day-to-day frustrations, unhappiness & fear of uncertainty. Since it is the overwhelming major religion in the Western World, it is simply the choice people take if they are bored and want to do something new.
Christianity seems a lot more popular to people now than it ever has before. Maybe it is just my perceptions that are chagning. Argumentation does not really seem to apply to Christians (or even some atheists)- it must simply be a step the person takes naturally, almost, "instinctively"
"Religions as are harm people. And religions don't >converge, they split. Giving more to disagree upon" "I don't think your argument is an argument against religion at all, but just points out the weaknesses of human nature" "If it makes sense to say that things without souls can be forgiven, then I have no idea _what_ a soul is"
The Qur'an cannot answer every question you want to put to it, but through its teachings it can guide you. I think, however, that women are the spiritual equals of men is clearly and unambiguously implied in the above verse. Let's try to understand what the Quran is trying to teach, rather than try to see how many ways it can be misinterpreted by ignoring this passage.
dean.kaflowitz (decay@cbnewsj.cbatt.com) wrote: How can a god punish a person for not believing in him when that person is only following his or her. nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or. her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god? Bill Conner says: I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on the issue of myth.
Human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so >much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. Human reason hasn't always come back to the existance of "God"; it usually comes back to whether there is any god. A natural tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful thinking. Whether you agree or not  Xtianity is no more reasonable than most other religions.
Arguments for and against the existence of God are discussed in John Leslie Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism" Brief discussions can be found in the alt.atheism FAQs. If you've read it, you missed something, so re-read. If the Bible says that everyone knows, that's reason to doubt the Bible.
The Bible is NOT a proof of god; it is only a proof that some people have thought that there was a god. Human reason is very comforatble with the concept of God, so much so that it is, in itself, intrinsic to our nature. A natural tendancy to believe in "God" only exists in religious wishful thinking.
Gordon Banks: I don't understand what's in it for the physician to go ahead and treat. Carl Brenner: I didn't do it, nobody saw me, you can't prove a thing. Bill Rawlins: We are talking about origins, not merely science.
Moody Bible Institute president: "We affirm the absolutes of Scripture, not because we are arrogant moralists" Bill Rawlins: "You've made a rather grand statement that Science can not explain origins" Peter W. Walker: "I find Mr. Stowell's statement terribly simple-minded"
Driver is a primal sense of connection, a pre- and post-natal umbilical the awareness of which is expressed in a partial, fragmented way. This halting, pidgin-english expression is, I think, what we come to call 'morality'  Compare the Driver to an urge such as Jealousy, where there is an urge and an "object"
Conscience is a little more difficult because I can't define it as the reasoning of a person between actions in the context of his Moral Nature. My Conscience fits in more with Freud's SuperEgo (plus the Moral Driver) with the stimulous being the urges or Freud's Id. Bill: If one is to argue for objective values (in a moral sense) then one must first start by demonstrating that morality itself is objective.
Morality has come to mean little more than a cultural norm, or the preferred conduct of "decent" people. Morality is derived from an absolute, objective, standard. A proposition is a statement which is either true or false; for example, "It is raining" or "Today is Tuesday". Propositions may be either asserted (said to be true) or denied ( said to be false)
The premises are used to derive further propositions by a process known as inference. Conclusions are often indicated by phrases such as "therefore", "it follows that", "we conclude" The conclusion is often stated as the final stage of inference. A proposition can only be called a premise or a conclusion with respect to a particular argument.
There are two traditional types of argument, deductive and inductive. A deductive argument is one which provides conclusive proof of its conclusions. Inductive arguments are not valid or invalid; however, we can talk about whether they are better or worse than other arguments, and about how probable their premises are.
A sound argument arrives at a true conclusion. Be careful not to confuse valid arguments with sound arguments. Fallacies are a logical argument which appears to be correct, but which can be seen to be incorrect when examined more closely. The following list of fallacies is not intended to be exhaustive.
Argumentum ad ignorantium means "argument from ignorance" This fallacy occurs when it is argued that something must be true simply because it has not been proved false. In science, we can validly assume from lack of evidence that something has not occurred. The Appeal to Authority uses the admiration of the famous to try and win support for an assertion.
The Fallacy of Accident is committed when a general rule is applied to a particular case whose "accidental" circumstances mean that the rule is inapplicable. The fallacy of Non Causa Pro Causa occurs when one identifies something as the cause of an event but it has not actually been shown to be the cause.
The Fallacy of Presupposition is a trick used by lawyers in cross-examination. Equivocation occurs when a key word is used with two or more different meanings in the same argument. Amphiboly occurs when the premises used in an argument are ambiguous because of careless or ungrammatical phrasing.
"A IS BASED ON B" fallacies occur when one attempts to argue that things are in some way similar without actually specifying in what way they are similar. "A implies B, B is true, therefore A is true", is an argument of the form "If A then B, therefore if B then A"
An "argumentum ad nauseum" is one that employs constant repetition in asserting something. Bifurcation occurs when one presents a situation as having only two alternatives, where in fact other alternatives exist or can exist. Reification occurs when an abstract concept is treated as a concrete thing. The straw man fallacy is to misrepresent someone else's position so that it can be attacked more easily.
Objective morality is morality built from objective values. Objectivism: The belief that there are certain moral truths that would remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired. 'No one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another simply to take pleasure in his suffering' might be thought of as a plausible example.
"Arrogance" has to do with an offensive exhibition of presumed or real superiority. Arrognace is about pride and haughtiness. A person can believe in absolute truth, even blindly (whatever that means) without being obnoxious about it. The word "agree" and the phrase "not disagree" are identical in meaning.
Jim Peavler's opinions do not exist, he says. He will fight for food. rmet Will fight forFood. rMet Will Fight for Food. r Met Will Fight For Food.  -- Jim Peavlers. peavler@plk.af.mil.
