Honda ST1100 has less low rpm grunt that the Hawk. By 3000 rpm in second gear, all the weight seemed to dissappear. Even on bike with 4.1 miles on the odometer, slippery new tires, and pads that did not yet bite the disks, things seems smooth.
The bike is heavy and the brakes are not very good. The top speed is 135mph, but the bike hardly notices the speed. I'd buy on for about $3000 less than list, just like it is. The sound is pleasant, if only the bars were not transmitting an endless buzz.
When a friend of mine went shopping for a small sedan a few years ago, she brought me along as a token male so the salespeople wouldn't give her the "bimbo" treatment. We went to a Mazda dealership and described what "we" wanted. We started negotiating on the price, and the salesdroid kept playing the "let me run this price by the sales manager" Finally, after playing a few more rounds of "you'll have to work with us on this price", also known as "each time you come up a thousand dollars we'll come down ten", the salesmanager gave a signal to his two sales cronies, stood up, and said "well
Purdue University waiting to hear 'Free Bird' as the new Penguins theme. "Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live in the real world" "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden.
Voyager has the unusual luck to be on a stable trajectory out of the solar system. Comsats, in "stable " geosynch orbits, require almost daily stationkeeping operations. Why not transfer O&M of all birds to a separate agency with continous funding to support these kind of ongoing science missions?
Chris Herringshaw: "I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading this group" Michael Nerone: "Since you have asked for this, you will be obliged" Marc Cooper: "As a child, I WAS anfsmarc@lerc.nasa.gov"
O.T.O. orders existing today are spin-offs from OTO and other competing organizations from the 19th century France/Germany. "Stay on these roads,"  "Un punto in piu`" Organization: California Institute of Technology, Pasadena Lines: 8 NNTP-Posting-Host: punisher.caltech.edu
If you assume the existance of a working SSTO like DC, on billion >$$ would be enough to put about a quarter million pounds of stuff on the >moon. If some of that mass went to send equipment to make LOX for the >transfer vehicle, you could send a lot more. Either way, its a lot >more than needed.
Space Marketing Inc, the same company responsible for merchandising space on the Conestoga booster and COMET spacecraft, is now pushing the "Environmental Billboard" The billboard is a large inflatable outer support structure of up to 804x1609 meters. SMI estimates that market exposure would be 3-5X that of the people who watched the SuperBowl.
Legal challenges and court fights would probably remove any positive aspects of the advertising. There were about 60 expressions of interest made on the Conestoga advertising opportunity, but that included curious folks and was for only a $500,000 commitment. I haven't heard of any serious funding for this, but I'm sure they are shopping the venture around.
Norman Hamer: What is a general rule of thumb for sobriety and cycling? "Couple hours after >you "feel" sober? What? Or should I just work with "If I drink tonight, I >don't ride until tomorrow"? Charles (hicc.) DoD:0.001 RZ350 -- Within the span of the last few weeks I have heard elements of separate threads which, in that they have been conjoined in time, struck together.
Bio-engineered CO2 absorbing plants instead of many LOX bottles? Stick 'em in a lunar cave and put an airlock on the door. This was what the Shuttle was originally intended to do! It might be seriously cheaper. -- Marvin Batty - djf@uk.cov.cck
