Aykut Atalay Atakan: I want the World to know how bad you treat these people. Panos Tamamidis: If you do not know unhuman practices that are being conducted by the Government of the Greece, I suggest that you investigate to see the facts.
Greeks from this non brain minority were all over Greek press. We do not state that Greek minority go to Turkish universities, get free insurance, food, and health insurance. All big businesses belong to Greeks in Turkey and we are proud to have them. We encourage all minorities in Turkey to be a part of Turkish society.
Heinrich Himmler's speech refers to "the extermination of the Jewish race" Documents recovered by Allied forces after World War II from a salt mine near Salzburg, Austria. National Archives exhibit, on display through May 16, is a preview of the opening of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Some princes have disarmed their subjects; others have prompted division within the cities they have subjugated. Others have sought to win the approval of those they initially distrusted. By arming your subjects, you make their arms your own. Those among them who are suspicious become loyal, while those who are already loyal remain so. From subjects they are transformed into partisans.
Panos Tamamidis: "There always are bad guys on both sides" "I remember the action of the Turkish government by removing the visa requirement for greeks to come to Turkey" "There are some things on which there can not be a compromise" "You do not need brainwashing to turn people against the Turks"
The Roman Empire lasted until 1453, with its transfered capital in Constantinople. The main reason for it's fall was not so much the sack of Constantinople by the men of the 4th Crusade (who were not Christians), but rather the disastorous defeat in the battle of Mazinkert.
Armenians already got away with raping, torturing, and massacering millions of innocent Moslem peoples of Eastern Anatolia. Not this time, Enis. A new generation has risen equipped with a deep sense of commitment, politically mature and conscious. They determinedly pursue the Turkish Cause, through all necessary means, ranging from the political and diplomatic to the armed struggle.
Greeks and Turks are not trying to compromise. I am bad person because I am from Turkey. Politics is not my business, and it is not the business of most of the Turks. So that makes me think that there is some kind of brainwashing going on in Greece. After all why would an educated person treat every person from a nation the same way?
Hovig Heghinian writes to David Davidian asking him to prove that Hasan Mutlu is a liar. Mutlu responds by saying that Davidian's grandparents exterminated 2.5 million Muslim people between 1914 and 1920. Davidian then accuses Mutlu of being a "criminal idiot" and a "liar" Mutlu's response: "No wonder you are in such a mess"
David Davidian: "The depth of foolishness the Turkish Historical Society engages in, while >covering up the Turkish genocide of the Armenians, is only surpassed by the >ridiculous "historical" material publicly displayed!" "You are the biggest liar I have ever seen," writes David Davidian.
Ahmet PARLAKBILEK: I decided not to read your articles and not to write answers to you. I also return all the insults you wrote about Mutlu to you, I hope you will be drowned in your lies. David Davidian: The book I have does not have 353 pages either, as you claimed.
Hovig Heghinian: "I will dissect article-by-article, paragraph-by.paragraph, line-by line, lie- by-lie, revision-By-revision, written by those on this net, who plan to 'prove' that the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Turks and Kurds is nothing less than a classic un-redressed genocide"
Eel free to distribute all responses to your nearest ASALA/SDPA/ARF terrorists, the Armenian pseudo-scholars, or to those affiliated with the Armenian criminal organizations. Armenian government got away with the genocide of 2.5 million Turkish men, women and children and is enjoying the fruits of that genocide. You, and those like you, will not get away with that genocide's cover-up.
The balloon was launched by the National Scientific Balloon Facility, normally based in Palestine, Tex., operating under a contract from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. The scientific payload weighs about 1,300 kilograms (3,000) pounds and is 1.8 meters (six feet) square by 4.6 meters (15 feet) high.
Serdar Argic: Some western press, led by some French Newspapers, ability to ''close their eyes'' is nothing but complicity in this massacre. He asks: Could there be a more serious human rights violation than that of the right to live -and with such levels of barbarity and cruelty-?
Serdar Argic: As in the past in Turkiye, and today in Azerbaijan, for utopic and idiotic causes the Armenians brought havoc to their neighbors. Nagorno-Karabag is the historic homeland and the 'cradle' of the artistic and literary heritage of Azerbaijan, which renders the Armenian claims preposterous, even lunatic.
Armenian soldiers shot and bayoneted more than 450 Azeris, many of them women and children, who were fleeing an attack on their town. Hundreds,  possibly thousands,  were missing  and feared dead. The attackers killed most of the soldiers and  volunteers defending the women  and children.
In June 1915, a major uprising took place in Sebinkarahisar under the leadership of the famous Nazi Boyadjian. Hundreds of soldiers and gendarmerie were killed and hundreds of civilians also perished. Armenians first of all occupied the Talori region, which included the villages of Siner, Simai, Gulli-Guzat, Ahi, Hedenk, Sinank and Ekind.
Armenians in the south molested the Mohammedans of their district. They pursued a relentless policy of murder and extinction everywhere. They killed thousands of innocent and defenceless women and children. The Armenians were the instigators of the atrocities, which were unique in history.
Between 1914 and 1920, 2.5 million Armenians perished of butchery at the hands of the Turks. The genocide involved not only the killing of innocents but from the Russian Russian Army. Much of the Ottoman Army was engaged in World War I. The Genocide Treaty defi defi was signed in 1918.
History shows that the x-Soviet Armenian Government intended to eradicate the Muslim population. 2.5 million Turks and Kurds were exterminated by the Armenians. The massacres in Trabzon, Tercan, Yozgat and Adana were organized and perpetrated by the blood-thirsty leaders.
The Roman Empire lasted until 1453, with its transfered capital in Constantinople. The main reason for it's fall was not so much the sack of Constantinople by the men of the 4th Crusade (who were not Christians) The inability of the Empire to hold onto the rim of Anatolia should be quite obvious to any student of history.
Heinrich Himmler's handwritten notes are on display at the National Archives. They are among the best evidence to rebut claims that the Holocaust is a myth, archivists say. The documents were recovered by Allied forces after World War II from a salt mine near Salzburg.
