Is it possible to use an ESDI-controller with HDD together with an >IDE-harddisk + controller in one ISA-system? I've read stuff about secondary controllers. Does this trick work? Can anybody please help me out on this? Your help will be very much appreciated.
A spoof chip can be used to hide the serial number of a computer chip. The chip uses an 80-bit family key, a 30-bit serial number U, and a secret key that unlocks all messages encrypted with the chip. Spoof chip XORs the incoming encrypted serial number with a secondary keying variable (assuming integrity of law enforcement block)
The goal is to use a secure communications scheme, without redress to detection or key K interception (contained encrypted within the law enforcement block). The data stream is returned to its original state for use by the clipper chip (or system) if required, for proper operation. Super encipherment/encryption could allow the chip to be used without redress.
The entire idea of the law enforcement block can be invalidated. The useful life time of captured law enforcement blocks might be limited based on hostile forces using them as targets following transmission interception. The M code stream might be independently attacked based on knowledge of clipper chip protocols as revealed plaintext.
I've been offered the following CD-ROM players, for the prices stated. They all claim to have SCSI-I, and operate under OS/2. The drives are not listed in the cdrom-faq and therefor, please give your opinions on the drives.
How does one print to a non-appletalk printer using DMM LaserWriter Stuff? I'm using the Serial driverand does nothig. I'vetried saving a postscriptfile and then tried sending with SendPS2.0 and it says can'topen LaserWriter Driver, then some appletalk messagethatprinter not specified. Should I use a null-modem adapter?  Help...
The biggest problem would be the machine itself. Say you have a 486 >33 with plenty of ram and a fast hard disk and network card. If you have >10 people running programs off it, you're going to see some slowdowns. What sort of packets go blazing through? What size link do you have (2Mb or 10Mb ?)? What is the average traffic flow going through your network?
I am interested in a product like this for our UNIX : projects and for a separate project which will be using OpenVMS. Most the the X servers we have at work have vendor extensions which we can't modify, so XTrap doesn't help up. There is X conferencing software at mit, but I don't know how easy it would be to modify it to do record and playback.
I have a mouse port with an interrupt of 10, 11, or 12 (which ever interrupt the PS/2 mouse port uses) in in ISA i486 computer. I called technical support of Microsoft, Logitech, & ATI and they all said the only interrupts possible on these cards was ones lower than 7. Try putting one of the IRQs for your COM ports onto IRQ2. The hardware will automagically wrap IRQ 2 to IRQ9 on AT class machines.
Hacking up any serial card (and probably any others) to work on the higher IRQs. It basically involves cutting the trace to the low IRQ and running a wire over the a high IRQ pin on the 16bit expansion bus. It will be best to put the modem's COM port onto IRQ2/9.
Key depositories are IRRELEVANT. In order for the applicable law enformcement agencies to be able to know what keys to request from escrow, the system will have to squawk its serial number in clear text as part of the link establishment protocol. Whoever owns the program that assigns keys to each serial number won't need access to the key depository.
AT&T's ATManager is a mailing list used for generating junk mail. If your TrueType fonts are sufficient for your needs, don't run ATM. TrueType font files are at least 1/3 larger than their Type-1 equivalents. AT&T Bell Laboratories rnichols@ihlpm.ihatt.com.
