Jon Livesey says there is nothing inherent in all religion that motivates one to kill. The Christian Bible says that one may kill under certain circumstances, he says. "Love thy neighbour" does not supply a them/us - it demolishes it, he adds.
"I'm still listening to what they say, and you are still telling us #your version of what they think" "I certainly don't believe that the Unionists are in it for God - I think #|> they wish to maintain their position of privilege" "It just looks to me very much like you have an axe to grind" "You read minds, and I don't"
In article <C5uzpE.18p@darkside.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner) writes:  >What offends you is that I have exposed the distortions and >misrepresentations of Christianity you contrive and then rail against. In article <1qaqi1INNgje@gap.caltech.edu> (Andrew >Tong) wrote:  Are we going to hear another debate on causeless events? ;-) In article  <1qla0g$afp@fido.asd.sgi.com> livesey@solntze.wpd.com (Jon Livesey) writes
Jim Perry: Rushdie's book exposes the silliness of revealed religion. Perry: There are thousands of Islamic banks operating throughout the world which no-one ever hears about. He says Rushdie was a good writer, but his style was hard to get used to. Perry writes: "Back to childish propaganda again"
"I would rank Rushdie's book with Hitler's Mein Kempf or worse" "Tradition" should be understood to read "early church writings other than the bible and heteroorthodox scriptures" "The peace of God, it is no peace, but strife closed in the sod. Yet, brothers, pray for but one thing: tove!mangoe"
I live in the U.S. and I have heard very little about these mosque attacks. There are many mosques in Houston, Texas and I would like to know what is going on so I can verify this. I have seen many things here from the Koran which could be "misinterpreted" by an "uneducated" Muslim. I don't deny this fact.
By "Muslim" we do not necessarily mean "Mu'min", or "true believer" in Islam. By their own devices, they establish a new religion, a mythology. You mean Bobby Mozumder is a myth? We wondered about that. The point of course, is to erect an easy target and deflect the |> disputants away from the real issue - atheism.
Alan: Argument that Jesus may not have existed is a dead point now. He did. Whether he was God or whether there is a God is a completely different story, however. "Can anybody hear me?" Scott asks. "My sole intention was to help defend the point that Jesus existed"
Dan Schaertel, (dps@nasa.kodak.com) writes: To learn you must accept that which you don't know. "Simple logic arguments are folly," he says. "No one asks you to swallow everything, in fact Jesus warns against it," he adds.
There is nothing more disgusting than Christian attempts to manipulate/interpret the Old Testament as being filled with signs for the coming of Christ. Every little reference to a stick or bit of wood is autmoatically interpreted as the Cross. Christians glorify exactly what we tend to despise or snub: trust/belief/faith without knowledge.
The "R Us" thing is trademarked. If all my "R"s start coming out backwards when I type from now on, I'll become a believer. It is much more likely that an innocent person will be killed driving than it is that one will be executed. Each and every voter in favor of capital punishment is in part guilty of the murder of each and every innocent victim of the system.
"Shatim" refers to slandering or spreading lies about the Prophets. "Fasad" is a little more difficult to describe. Whatever doesn't kill you will only serve to annoy you. "Bobby Mozumder" is not a prophet.
"God and His Messenger" and mischief, corruption, disorder etc.  You slimy mass of pond scum!  >resulting from that. The attack need not be a physical attack and there >are different levels of penalty proscribed, depending on the extent >of the mischief and whether the person or persons sought to "make hay" of the situation.
