Can anyone tell me where it is possible to purchase controls found on most arcade style games? What about the common joystick found in all computer shops? Can anybody recommend a good, application-oriented beginner's reference to RF circuits? Any info in the BIOS is too volatile to use as a checksum. If the user did an upgrade to the machine, he/she should reinstall all programs any way.
Pirates are always going to win this fight. It's much easier to loan disks to a friend and let them do an install than to backup your copy already on disk, and then give them that. All anyone needs to do is find the part of the code that does the quiz, and insert a JMP instruction to skip it.
Pirates who see copy protection as a challenge love breaking them, and no amount of copy protection will stop them. Check out Xicor's new goodie in the April 12th edition of EETimes X88C64 - an 8k * 8 E2PROM with built in latch AND bootloader setup.
A single chip micro and a crystal will do the job reliably and easily. Embed the whole thing in a foam insulated blanket, power it from a solar cell. If you don't want to try thermal management, contact someone like ICL and have them cut you a special low temperature crystal.
New England Area Major Flea Market. All events are Ham Radio/ Electronic related except ~_____~ The flea market is held in Nashua, New Hampshire. It is open to the public and is free to attend. There is a $35 season pass for the flea.
This list is compiled from many sources. Check with the sponsoring organizations for more details. This list will be updated monthly if additions have been made. Mailed copies are sent when additions are made. The list is updated as issued by MIT and is available for download on the MIT website.
It sounds like the radio equipment is actually not shut completely off - but just goes to a standby situation. The voltage can only be sucked down so far instantaneously. A transmitter is not going to be affecting house power. If surges are occurring there, it is due to another cause - not a transmitter.
Use a quartz crystal and divide its frequency by 2 40 times or something like that. In Texas (Corpus Christi at least) if you pick up the phone and dial 890 the phone company will read the number of the phone you are on back to you. The number to dial is 211 for the same result. If you're going to want those big capacitors you found to fire the current drain on the solenoid on the High High. High.
My question is: Is there a good relay/relay circuit that I can use for switching |> audio, so that there will be *NO* noise of any kind on the audio lines? I will appreciate any advice or references to advice. Also, exact part |> numbers/company names etc. for the relays will help!
In Alberta and Ontario they're illegal, and detection devices are sometimes used. I hate hard copy manuals, and would rather have all docs online. We've destroyed about six sets of original Microsoft Word for Mac 5.0 and Word for Windows (may have been a bad batch of disks)
Mark S. Underwood is an EE Student at the University of Kentucky. He works in Boyd Hall Microlab, a tiny little division of UK Library Microlabs. In article <1r76sbINNkap@flop.ENGR.EDU> noeler@xanth.CS.ORST.EDu (Eric Richard Noel) writes: I hate hard copy manuals, and would rather have all docs online - *not* because I want to copy the program.
Mark S. Underwood EE Student, University of Kentucky Lab Assistant, Boyd Hall Microlab (a tiny little division of UK Library Microlabs) BTW, before anyone notices my mentioning "copying" programs from machine to machine when we do installs here and wonders about the licensing, the upper-management (non-student staff, of course) are METICULOUS in checking with providers of the software.
