Markus Naslund scored 22 goals, 17 assists, 39 points and 67 PIM in 39 games in the Swedish elite league. Naslund won't be joining the Pens for this year's playoffs, since the World Championships starts April 18th. MoDo is looking for personal sponsors for Forsberg and Naslund in order to match the kind of money they would receive in NHL.
Naming divisions and trophies after Smythe and the bunch is the same kind of nepotism that put Stein in the hall of fame. I got back from my trip to discover that my email spool file got blown away. I am missing all the playoff pool entries sent between April 5 and April 17.
New ticket prices suck. Public transit? Yeah right, I'd love to take caltrain for 3 hours to see a 3 hour game. Shelling out hundreds of dollars for partial season plans for two years doesnt mean anything to the sharks. I get to pick my seats after the dead rise from their graves to claim their seats! :-) -Frank.
USENET Hockey Draft Standings Week 27. Dave Wessels takes the top spot, followed by Bob Hill, Gilles Carmel and Seppo Kemppainen. The standings are based on the last USENET hockey draft held on April 13 and April 14.
T C OverAchievers: Goaldingers, Houdini's Magicians, Bozrah Bruins, Skriko Wolves, Real Bad Toe Jam, LIPPE, LAMP LIGHTERS. Rec.sport.hockey choices: Bloom County All Stars, Indianapolis Bennies, Phil and Kev's Karma Dudes, Steve And Mark Dream Team.
Bjoern Leaguen, Neil Younger, Teem Kanada, Timo Ojala, Mark Sanders, and Aye Carumba!!! are among the names in the list. The list is broken up into categories of vote-no-Oct26, vote-by-mail, vote by phone, and vote by text.
Einstein's Rock Band: 1033.7.0.0 (154) 155.5. (150) 156.6. (159) 162.6 (160) 161.9. (161) 164.4 (157) Les Nordiques: 1045.3.3 (173) 165.8 (167) 172.5 (170) 174.7 (174) Jeff Nimeroff: 1036.5 (-48.5) (169) 173.2 (171) Daryl Turner: 1037.6 (-31.8) (172)
Jayson's Kinky Pucks: Killer Apes, Icebreakers, Outlaws, Roger Smith and more. The 200 Club: FightingFighting Geordies, Ryan's Renegades, and the Outlaws. Cafall and Crew: The Crew of Death, the crew of Death and the Crew of Life.
Ron Francis was a breath of fresh air when he arrived in Pittsburgh to the team whose forwards, for the most part, couldn't and wouldn't play a lick of defense. If I had the top three recent acquisitions in recent years they would be Tom Barrasso; Larry Murphy; and Ron Francis.
Bill Torrey was the architect of four consecutive Stanley Cup champions as general manager of the New York Islanders. The Panthers will introduce a uniform, insignia, and ticket-price information in early next month. The San Jose Sharks and Ottawa Senators are each on their second GM already.
Minnesota IS Hockey, USA. How the NHL can so blithely let the major league team from there move away is beyond me. I only hope they get a new team soon. -- Ali "Procrastination" Lemer. "I gave [NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman] a puck Columbia University (NYC)   once. He spent the rest of the day trying to open it." -- Pat Williams, GM, Orlando Magic.
Don Cherry said the EXACT same thing about Yzerman about a month ago on a local radio talk show. It seems like he just has a set speech that he changes when he goes from city to city. In my opinion, he is an ass. And I won't change my opinion if I'm in a different city.
Ulf Samuelson is an eyesore on the game of hockey. New rules and a new referee system need to be instituted. Too many of the real goons get away with too much, because the ref is watching the play (or supposed to be:I've seen Koharski and Van Hellemond, with their heads up their asses on a few calls)
Without Kisio, the Sharks would have tanked even earlier in >>the season, and Gund might have gotten a little more serious about getting Joe Murphy. $2M offered in November lets Sather buy a replacement for Murphy and make the playoffs *this* year. Chicago would have had Kisio this season; they *never* go after Murphy in the first place because Kelly is having his *best* season.
Oiler fan: "What did us Oiler fans do to you to deserve the "Stay in Edmonton" part?" Mike Eisler: "Not only are they [Leafs] the best team, but their fans are even more intelligent and insightful than Pittsburgh's. Their players are mighty bright, too"
ESPN2 will be launched as early as September. Prime SportsChannel will try to wrestle away NHL from ESPN in the off-season. TCI-Cablevision will do their best that ESPN2 never gets off the ground successfully. And the NHL's value will suddenly skyrocket in this cable war between Prime SC and ESPN.
