Pluto's atmosphere will start to freeze out around 2010, and after about 2005 increasing areas of both Pluto and Charon will be in permanent shadow. Joseph Shea, the head of the space station redesign has resigned for health reasons. Ejon Matejevic who was a full professor at Clarkson University,  developed the process for sticking Teflon to metals.
Cosmologist Stephen Hawking tours Lab April 5. Hawking visited a variety of facilities, met with Lab Director Dr. Edward Stone. Hawking wanted to re-visit JPL, "because here is where the first steps are taken" He was accompanied by his family, two graduate students and his aides.
 Hawking party had been visiting Southern California for five weeks. The Hawking party was headquartered at Caltech, and planned to leave for England within a few weeks after the Lab tour. The Cambridge-based scientist promised Chahine that he would return to JPL for another visit. Allen W. Sherzer: "A great man is one who does nothing but leaves"
Tubes have lower distortion and noise than transistors. UF6 is very corrosive, and some very inert yet flexible material was needed for the seals. The power station could be achieved in 3 flights with Freedom photo voltaic modules providing 20 kW of power. 60-day missions with the orbiter docked to the station are assumed for this phase.
Griffin outlined proposed systems changes to the baseline program. Griffin told the Redesign Advisory Committee that eliminating hardware would not, by itself, meet budget guidelines. Russian space experts arrived in the U.S. on April 21 and briefings to the SRT by members of the Russian team began on the 22nd.
Russian consultants are available to the SRT to assess the capabilities of the Mir space station. Dr. Joe Shea stepped down as director of the Station Redesign Team on April 22. Bryan O'Connor will take over the activities of the team. The design will be "frozen" to begin the detailed cost assessment.
The SRT as they are currently being carried on the schedule are: April 26 Design Freeze on Options for Costing. April 27 Design Support Team Present Selected Options to SRT. May 3 Status report to Redesign Advisory Committee. May 15 Interim report by RedesIGN Advisory Committee  June 7 Final report. (Oct. 31-cancellation .....just my opinion...AC)
Image is in pub/delta-clipper now. Name has been changed to "dcx-artists-concept.gif" in the spirit of verboseness. George Krumins: Imagine observing an object and halfway through your run, your object was occulted.
Galileo participated in a second DSN (Deep Space Network) acceptance test for the DSN Telemetry Phase 3 Upgrade on April 13, 1993, using CTA-21 (Compatibility Test Area 21) The purpose of this test was to verify the flow of Galileo telemetry data through the new Telemetry Group Controller (TGC) and the Telemetry Channel Assembly (TCA) The TGC/TCA is the replacement for the current Telemetry Processing Assembly (TPA)
As of April 15, 1993, a total of 70184 real-time commands have been transmitted to Galileo since Launch. In the past week, 7 real time commands were transmitted. Major command activities included commands to reacquire celestial reference, uplink the EJ-1 sequence memory load and reset the command loss timer.
NASA Ames Dryden was involved in the flight testing of winglets and area ruling (in the 70s and 50s) Mary Shafer: "Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live in the real world" Pat: "Can someone give me 10 direct NASA/Space related research that helped humanity?"
NASA flew the first digital fly by wire aircraft in the 70s. NASA habit of acquiring second-hand military aircraft and using them for testbeds can make things kind of confusing. John Carr (jfc@athena.mit.edu) writes: How much energy does a burster put out?
